---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "forem_article Data Source - terraform-provider-forem"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  forem_article data source fetches information about a particular article. Please, specify either the id of the article or the username and slug combination.
  API Docs
  https://developers.forem.com/api#operation/getArticleById
---

# forem_article (Data Source)

`forem_article` data source fetches information about a particular article. Please, specify either the `id` of the article or the `username` and `slug` combination.

## API Docs

https://developers.forem.com/api#operation/getArticleById

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "forem_article" "example_id" {
  id = "979788"
}

data "forem_article" "example_username_slug" {
  username = "admin_mcadmin"
  slug     = "basic-traefik-configuration-tutorial-593m"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) ID of the article.
- `slug` (String) Slug of the article.
- `username` (String) User or organization username.

### Read-Only

- `body_markdown` (String) The body of the article in Markdown format.
- `canonical_url` (String) Canonical URL of the article.
- `comments_count` (Number) Number of comments.
- `cover_image` (String) URL of the cover image of the article.
- `created_at` (String) When the article was created.
- `crossposted_at` (String) When the article was crossposted.
- `description` (String) Article description.
- `edited_at` (String) When the article was edited.
- `flare_tag` (Map of String) Flare tag object of the article.
- `last_comment_at` (String) When the article was last commented.
- `organization` (Map of String) Organization object of the article.
- `path` (String) Path of the article URL.
- `positive_reactions_count` (Number) Number of positive reactions.
- `public_reactions_count` (Number) Number of public reactions.
- `published_at` (String) When the article was published.
- `published_timestamp` (String) When the article was published.
- `reading_time_minutes` (Number) Article reading time in minutes.
- `social_image` (String) Social image of the article.
- `tags` (List of String) List of tags related to the article.
- `title` (String) Title of the article.
- `url` (String) Full article URL.
- `user` (Map of String) User object of the article.


