---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "forem_listing Resource - terraform-provider-forem"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  forem_listing resource creates and updates a particular listing. A listing is a classified ad that users create on Forem. They can be related to conference announcements, job offers, mentorships, upcoming events and more.
  API Docs
  https://developers.forem.com/api#operation/createListinghttps://developers.forem.com/api#operation/updateListing
---

# forem_listing (Resource)

`forem_listing` resource creates and updates a particular listing. A listing is a classified ad that users create on Forem. They can be related to conference announcements, job offers, mentorships, upcoming events and more.

## API Docs

- https://developers.forem.com/api#operation/createListing
- https://developers.forem.com/api#operation/updateListing



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `body_markdown` (String) The body of the listing in Markdown format.
- `category` (String) The category that the listing belongs to.
- `title` (String) Title of the listing.

### Optional

- `action` (String) Set it to `draft` to create an unpublished listing.
- `contact_via_connect` (Boolean) True if users are allowed to contact the listing's owner via DEV connect, false otherwise. Defaults to: `false`.
- `expires_at` (String) Date and time of expiration.
- `location` (String) Geographical area or city for the listing.
- `organization_id` (Number) The id of the organization the user is creating the listing for. Only users belonging to an organization can assign the listing to it.
- `tags` (List of String) List of tags related to the listing. Maximum items: `8`.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) When the listing was created.
- `id` (String) ID of the listing.
- `organization` (Map of String) Organization object of the listing.
- `published` (Boolean) Whether the listing is published or not.
- `slug` (String) Slug of the listing.
- `updated_at` (String) When the listing was updated.
- `user` (Map of String) User object of the listing.


